**Problem Statement Title	:** Automatic Change detection in Synthetic Aperture Radar satellite images

Background: Synthetic Aperture Radar satellite images have the capability for night time imaging as well as imaging without being affected by clouds. Automatic change detection on such images have wider application for various use cases. Description: Change detection between two SAR (Synthetic Aperture Radar) satellite images are straight forward if they are co-registered as the difference or ratio of corresponding pixels of the two images itself will give the change map. But such change maps will invariably have many natural changes as well like water body extent, flood extent, snow cover and forest cover changes etc. Our interest is to detect only man made changes and avoid natural changes. The solution can make use of Sentinel 1 SAR Open source satellite images and Google Earth Engine platform to access them. These images are co-registered by default. The GRD (Ground Range Detected) intensity image version of the Sentinel 1 SAR is to be used. Please note that images with same viewing geometry are better suited for change detection purposes. The solution should give the option for the user to vary the thresholds if any used for filtering change results. The change output should be in the form of polygons in a geographically referenced vector file. The solution should be scalable, means should be able to run on huge areas of interest and generate change alerts. The criteria for winning solution would be minimum false alarms with regard to man made changes. Expected Solution: A software based solution is expected that has a GUI to specify the area of interest for change detection and threshold controls to filter changes and output changes in the form of shapefiles/geojson with geographical references. It shall run above Google Earth Engine.

**COLAB LINK :**  https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ZcBvMPlWIZaRS_R-zAUlT0hnRJDFa0Uo
